Wrangler config updates (#17416)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/durable-objects/get-started/tutorial-with-sql-api.mdx

	}}
/>

> This will create a new directory, which will include either a `src/index.js` or `src/index.ts` file to write your code and a [[Wrangler configuration](/workers/wrangler/configuration) file](/workers/wrangler/configuration/) configuration file.

Author: ```suggestion
This will create a new directory, which will include either a `src/index.js` or `src/index.ts` file to write your code and a [Wrangler configuration](/workers/wrangler/configuration) file.
```

## 5. Configure Durable Object bindings

> [Bindings](/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/) allow your Workers to interact with resources on the Cloudflare developer platform. The Durable Object bindings in your Worker project's [Wrangler configuration](/workers/wrangler/configuration) file will include a binding name (for this guide, use `MY_DURABLE_OBJECT`) and the class name (`MyDurableObject`).

Author: ```suggestion
[Bindings](/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/) allow your Workers to interact with resources on the Cloudflare developer platform. The Durable Object bindings in your Worker's [Wrangler configuration](/workers/wrangler/configuration) file will include a binding name (for this guide, use `MY_DURABLE_OBJECT`) and the class name (`MyDurableObject`).
```
